docs(pie-docs): DSW-1942 add cookie banner code documentation (#1412)
justeattakeaway/pie: apps/pie-docs/src/patterns/cookie-banner/overview/overview.md

        "**“Save” button:**  Allows the user to save their preferences and continue with their flow.",
        "**Scrim:** Screen overlay that obscures the on-page content."
    ]
} %}

---

## Variations

### Banner

{% contentPageImage {
src:"../../../assets/img/patterns/cookie-banner/variations-banner.svg",
alt: "Cookie banner with copy about cookies and buttons to accept or manage preferences.",
width: 120
} %}

### Modal

{% contentPageImage {
src:"../../../assets/img/patterns/cookie-banner/variations-modal.svg",
alt: "Modal with options to authorise cookies.",
width: 120
} %}

___

## Modifiers

### Banner

#### Default

{% contentPageImage {
src:"../../../assets/img/patterns/cookie-banner/modifier-default.svg",
alt: "Default cookie banner, with Accept All as a primary action only.",
width: 120
} %}

#### Primary actions only

This version is used when legal compliance in the country requires you to do so. In countries that do not require this, the default variation is used.

{% contentPageImage {
src:"../../../assets/img/patterns/cookie-banner/modifier-primary-actions.svg",

> alt: "Cookie banner, with Accept All and Necesary Only as a primary actions.",

Reviewer: Nit
```suggestion
alt: "Cookie banner, with Accept All and Necessary Only as primary actions.",
```

width: 120
} %}

---

## Interaction area

{% contentPageImage {
src:"../../../assets/img/patterns/cookie-banner/interaction-area-banner.svg",
alt: "Banner with highlights on the areas of interaction: links and buttons.",
width: 120
} %}

{% contentPageImage {
src:"../../../assets/img/patterns/cookie-banner/interaction-area-modal.svg",
alt: "Modal with highlights on the areas of interaction: links and buttons.",
width: 120
} %}

{% list {
    type: listTypes.highlight,
    highlightColour: ["support-brand-03", "support-brand-04", "support-brand-07", "support-brand-05", "support-brand-06"],
    items: [

>         "**Redirect:**  It will redirect the user to the page  they have selected in a new tab, the cookie banner would appear until the user makes a selection.",
>         "**Confirm selection:**  It saves the user's selection and closes the cookie banner/modal.",
>         "**Opens a “Manage preferences” modal:**  A modal will open and allow user to manage their preferences. ",
>         "**Toggle on/off:**  Allows the user to toggle selections on or off.",
>         "**Back button:**  It closes the modal and resurfaces the cookie banner."

Reviewer: A few suggestions:
```suggestion
        "**Redirect:** Redirects the user to the page they have selected in a new tab, the cookie banner will continue to show until the user makes a selection.",
        "**Confirm selection:** Saves the user's selection and closes the modal and cookie banner.",
        "**Opens a “Manage preferences” modal:** A modal will open to allow the user to manage their preferences.",
        "**Toggle on/off:** Allows the user to toggle selections on or off.",
        "**Back button:** Closes the modal and shows the cookie banner again."
```

Also, I think this is quite pretty on the page, but I'm not sure how accessible it is in terms of colourblindness?

{% contentPageImage {
  src:"../../../assets/img/patterns/cookie-banner/behaviours-background-banner.svg",
  alt: "Banner possitioned at the bottom with the “Select your country” popover on top of the banner.",
  width: 120
} %}

#### Modal

The background page is disabled when the modal is opened until the user has made a selection and is ready to continue with their flow, or returns to the banner. A scrim is applied and the banner disappears.

{% contentPageImage {
src:"../../../assets/img/patterns/cookie-banner/behaviours-background-modal.svg",
alt: "Cookie modal that positioned in the middle of the screen, on top of a dark overlay.",
width: 120
} %}

#### Turn all on / off

Once the overarching toggle is toggled on/off, the child toggles follow suit. The overarching toggle will not be toggled on unless all child toggles are selected.

{% contentPageImage {
src:"../../../assets/img/patterns/cookie-banner/behaviours-turn-all-on-off.svg",
alt: "Modal showing the toggles states when \"Toggle All\" is or is not selected.",
width: 120
} %}

---

## Positioning

### Banner

> The cookie banner is always positioned at the bottom of the screen with default external bottom, left and right padding of 16px.

Reviewer: Margin instead of external padding?

Author: I think it refers to the padding of the container of the banner. Adding margin to the cookie banner wouldn't make sense I believe. So Maybe that is what needs to be clarified?

> The cookie banner is always positioned at the bottom of the screen with default bottom, left and right padding of 16px in the container of the banner.

alt: "Image of a frame with the modal positioned in the middle of the screen.",
width: 120
} %}

---

## Responsive design

### Narrow

At the narrow breakpoints, the banner has a maximum height of 432px, and the modal is set to full screen. If the content overflows due to a change in language, the available height, the call to action buttons and header become sticky and the body content scrolls.

#### Banner

{% contentPageImage {
src:"../../../assets/img/patterns/cookie-banner/responsive-banner.svg",
alt: "Responsive banner as it looks on mobile views showcasing a scroll bar for the content.",
width: 120
} %}

#### Modal

{% contentPageImage {
src:"../../../assets/img/patterns/cookie-banner/responsive-banner.svg",
alt: "Responsive modal as it looks on mobile views showcasing a scroll bar for the options and content.",
width: 120
} %}

---

## Motion

All motion details for the cookie banner can be found [here](https://www.figma.com/file/mJiLMfnMfnEYWJh2Njutdq/[Core]-Motion-[PIE-3]?type=design&node-id=804-3774&mode=design&t=6kQbKnf5Vr8ZyoIC-0), it also defines how the motion between the banner and modal overlap.

---

> ## Right to left languages
> 
> For languages that read right to left, the layout and alignment of the content is reorganised so the readability of the component makes logical sense.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Right-to-left languages

For languages that read from right to left, the layout and alignment of the content is reorganised so the readability of the component makes logical sense.
```
